=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

B<Fancy::Open> opens a file and creates an array with an optional prefix, suffix, or both in your preferred encoding.

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Fancy::Open version 1.0.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Fancy::Open qw(fancy_open);

  my @plain_array   = fancy_open($file);

  my @prefix_array  = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'foo' });

  my @suffix_array  = fancy_open($file, { 'suffix' => 'bar; });

  my @both_array    = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'foo', 'suffix' => 'bar' });

  my @joiner_array  = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'foo', 'suffix' => 'bar', 'joiner' => ' ' });

  my @encoded_array = fancy_open($file, { 'encoding' => 'ascii' });

  my @empty_line    = fancy_open($file, { 'empty' => 'fill' });

=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<fancy_open> can be exported and returns a list of values. These values can be modified if the optional parameters C<prefix>, C<suffix>, or both are used. There is the additional option to choose your C<encoding>, the default is C<utf-8>.

If the open fails, fancy_open will die.

  my @fancy_array = fancy_open(
    $file,
    {
      'prefix' => $prefix_string,
      'suffix' => $suffix_string,
      'joiner' => $joiner_string,
      'empty'  => $empty_option,
      'encoding' => $encoding_option
    }
  );

The file is also closed by C<fancy_open>.

C<Fancy::Open> requires Perl version 5.6 or better.

=head2 Parameters

C<fancy_open> has two parameters.

B<Note:> all sample returned arrays are the results from L<Data::Dump>.

Sample file contents.

  red
  orange
  yellow
  spring
  green
  teal
  cyan
  azure
  blue
  violet
  magenta
  pink
  white
  black
  gray

=head3 file

  my @plain_array = fancy_open($file);

The first parameter is the file to be opened. If this is the only parameter specified, the file will be opened, encoded to C<utf-8>, and returned as a list.

=head3 Options

The second parameter are the options: C<prefix>, C<suffix>, C<joiner>, C<encoding>, and C<empty>.

=head4 prefix

  my @prefix_array = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'solid' });

The C<prefix> option is the string you want prepended to each item in the list. Using the example, all items on the list will be returned with C<foo> prepended to them.

  (
    "solidred",
    "solidorange",
    "solidyellow",
    "solidspring",
    "solidgreen",
    "solidteal",
    "solidcyan",
    "solidazure",
    "solidblue",
    "solidviolet",
    "solidmagenta",
    "solidpink",
    "solidwhite",
    "solidblack",
    "solidgray",
  )

=head4 suffix

  my @suffix_array = fancy_open($file, { 'suffix' => 'bead; });

The C<suffix> option is the string you want to appear appended to each item in the list. Using the example, all items on the list will be returned with C<bar> appended to them.

  (
    "redbead",
    "orangebead",
    "yellowbead",
    "springbead",
    "greenbead",
    "tealbead",
    "cyanbead",
    "azurebead",
    "bluebead",
    "violetbead",
    "magentabead",
    "pinkbead",
    "whitebead",
    "blackbead",
    "graybead",
  )

=head4 prefix and suffix

  my @both_array = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'solid', 'suffix' => 'bead' });

Using both the C<prefix> and C<suffix> options together will prepend and append the associated strings to the items in the list.

  (
    "solidredbead",
    "solidorangebead",
    "solidyellowbead",
    "solidspringbead",
    "solidgreenbead",
    "solidtealbead",
    "solidcyanbead",
    "solidazurebead",
    "solidbluebead",
    "solidvioletbead",
    "solidmagentabead",
    "solidpinkbead",
    "solidwhitebead",
    "solidblackbead",
    "solidgraybead",
  )

=head4 joiner

  my @joiner_array = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'solid', 'suffix' => 'bead', 'joiner' => ' ' });

The C<joiner> option will add a string between the prefix, the line from the file, and the suffix. In this case, a single space.

  (
    "solid red bead",
    "solid orange bead",
    "solid yellow bead",
    "solid spring bead",
    "solid green bead",
    "solid teal bead",
    "solid cyan bead",
    "solid azure bead",
    "solid blue bead",
    "solid violet bead",
    "solid magenta bead",
    "solid pink bead",
    "solid white bead",
    "solid black bead",
    "solid gray bead",
  )

=head4 encoding

  my @encoded_array = fancy_open($file, { 'encoding' => 'ascii' });

The C<encoding> option is the encoding you want to use to open the file. The above file will be opened C<ascii> encoded.

=head4 empty

  my @empty_line = fancy_open($file, { 'empty' => 'fill' });

The C<empty> option has three possible values for what to do with empty lines in the file: C<fill>, C<blank>, or C<undefined>. If C<empty> is not used or is any value than the three listed, the empty line will be ignored.

Sample file contents with an empty line.

  red
  orange
  yellow
  spring
  green
  teal
  cyan
  azure

  blue
  violet
  magenta
  pink
  white
  black
  gray


=over

=item *

C<fill> will prefix and suffix the value as it does with all other lines.

  my @empty_line = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'solid', 'empty' => 'fill' });

The array returned will be:

  (
    "solidred",
    "solidorange",
    "solidyellow",
    "solidspring",
    "solidgreen",
    "solidteal",
    "solidcyan",
    "solidazure",
    "solid",
    "solidblue",
    "solidviolet",
    "solidmagenta",
    "solidpink",
    "solidwhite",
    "solidblack",
    "solidgray",
  )


=item *

C<blank> will return a zero length but defined value.

  my @empty_line = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'solid', 'empty' => 'blank' });

The array returned will be:

  (
    "solidred",
    "solidorange",
    "solidyellow",
    "solidspring",
    "solidgreen",
    "solidteal",
    "solidcyan",
    "solidazure",
    "",
    "solidblue",
    "solidviolet",
    "solidmagenta",
    "solidpink",
    "solidwhite",
    "solidblack",
    "solidgray",
  )

=item *

C<undefined> will return an undefined value.

  my @empty_line = fancy_open($file, { 'prefix' => 'solid', 'empty' => 'undefined' });

The array returned will be:

  (
    "solidred",
    "solidorange",
    "solidyellow",
    "solidspring",
    "solidgreen",
    "solidteal",
    "solidcyan",
    "solidazure",
    undef,
    "solidblue",
    "solidviolet",
    "solidmagenta",
    "solidpink",
    "solidwhite",
    "solidblack",
    "solidgray",
  )

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCY

Fancy::Open depends on L<Exporter>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lady Aleena

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

Copyright © 2020, Lady Aleena C<(aleena@cpan.org)>. All rights reserved.

=cut
